docs: corrections in AssetKind section (#1136)
Agoric/documentation: main/reference/ertp-api/ertp-data-types.md

- **AssetKind.NAT** : Used with fungible assets. **AmountValues** are natural numbers using the JavaScript  [BigInt](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt) type to avoid overflow risks from using the usual JavaScript **Number** type.
- **AssetKind.SET** : Deprecated.

> - **AssetKind.COPY_SET** : Used with non-fungible assets where there can't be duplicates (e.g., assigned seats in a stadium). See more [here](https://endojs.github.io/endo/types/_endo_patterns.CopySet.html).

Reviewer: no _here_ links, please.

same rationale as https://github.com/Agoric/documentation/pull/1104#discussion_r1624864872 etc.

Author: @dckc Thanks for pointing this out!

> - **AssetKind.COPY_BAG** : Used with semi-fungible assets where there can be duplicates. The duplicates of the same asset are fungible with each other (e.g., weapons in a computer game). See more [here](https://endojs.github.io/endo/types/_endo_patterns.CopyBag.html).

Reviewer: no _here_ links.

```suggestion
- **AssetKind.COPY_BAG** : Used with semi-fungible assets where there can be duplicates. The duplicates of the same asset are fungible with each other (e.g., weapons in a computer game). See [@endo/patterns CopyBag](https://endojs.github.io/endo/types/_endo_patterns.CopyBag.html) reference docs for more detail.
```
